Mumu, this is the ring my father gave me
Although how do you raise your children?
Stealing at such a young age
This is obviously my boyfriend's ring, I didn't steal it
Mumu, what's going on?
Dad gave it to me
Nonsense
Do you know how expensive this is?
Send it if you say so.
Mumu, don't be afraid
You tell mom the truth
Where did this ring come from?
Does it even need to be asked?
Such a young child steals
Really uneducated
I didn't steal it. It's my dad's card
He's the president of a big company
Su Ran, your son not only learned to steal
And now he's lying and not seeing anyone
Who here doesn't know
Ji Yanting is my fiancé
Su Ran, are you planning to hit the wrong person?
By the way, Yingying
You don't say
Are you bringing your fiancé to the party?
Why didn't you see anyone else?
He is there because there are people he doesn't want to see
Hurt the eyes
So he lost interest and left
It must be this bastard
Offended Yingying's fiancé
Nonsense
Your child is full of lies
You have to discipline yourself.
It's a small matter if you don't succeed in the future
If you take something you shouldn't take
Did something that shouldn't have been done
That would be a big problem